Masking st (#4261)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/apache.md

		
## Fields creation in Sumo Logic for Apache

If not already present, the following [Fields](/docs/manage/fields/) are created as part of Source template creation.

- **`sumo.datasource`**. Fixed value of **apache**.
- **`webengine.system`**. Fixed value of **apache**.

> - **`deployment.environment`** User configured field at the time of collector installation. This identifies the environment where the apache env resides. For example: dev, prod or qa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`deployment.environment`** User configured field at the time of collector installation. This identifies the environment where the apache env resides. For example: dev, prod, or qa.
```

> - **`deployment.environment`** User configured field at the time of collector installation. This identifies the environment where the apache env resides. For example: dev, prod, or qa.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **`deployment.environment`**. This is a user-configured field set at the time of collector installation. It identifies the environment where the Linux system resides, such as `dev`, `prod`, or `qa`.
```

		
### Step 2: Configure the source template
		
In this step, you will configure the yaml required for Apache Collection. Below are the inputs required for configuration :

- **Name**. Name of the source template.
- **Description**. Description for the source template.	
- **Endpoint**. The URL of the httpd status endpoint (default: `http://localhost:80/server-status?auto`).
- **Access File log Path**. Enter the path to the Access log file for your Apache instance.
- **Error file log path**. Enter the path to the error log file for your Apache instance.

> - **Fields/Metadata**. You can provide any customer fields to be tagged with the data collected. By default sumo tags _sourceCategory with the value otel/apache user needs to provide the value for `webengine.cluster.name`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Fields/Metadata**. You can provide any customer fields to be tagged with the data collected. By default sumo tags `_sourceCategory` with the value otel/apache user needs to provide the value for `webengine.cluster.name`.
```

import OtelLogAdvanceOption from '../../../../reuse/apps/opentelemetry/logs-advance-option-otel.md';

<OtelLogAdvanceOption/>

> **Processing Rules** - You can add **processing rules** for logs/metrics collected. To learn more, refer to [Processing Rules](../processing-rules/index.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Processing Rules**. You can add **processing rules** for logs/metrics collected. To learn more, refer to [Processing Rules](../processing-rules/index.md).
```
